README.md, before:

# Nick Yazdani's Machine Learning and Data Science Portfolio

Hi there, this portfolio is a WIP, intended to demonstrate that I have a strong command of Python and am able to implement solutions for various problems in Machine and Deep Learning.

So far we have:
- NLP Text classification using BERT on the IMDB review dataset

- Tabular regression using a novel NN architecture where instead of using matrices as weights we use wave functions to encode information (inspired by quantum mechanics)

- A multi-modal approach for valuing Diamonds, leveraging  images of the diamond alongside tabular features

- DCGAN implementation that generates Anime faces!

- A simple yet effective Denoising Convolutional Autoencoder

There is more to come, the intention here is to eventually have notebooks that cover all interesting areas of deep learning and more. I usually do this stuff for fun on Kaggle when I'm tinkering but I thought I might upload notebooks here from now on so that I can demonstrate them to anyone who is interested to see what I can do :)

Commit message:

Added LSTM time series weather forecasting and updated README.md

README.md, after:

# Nick Yazdani's Machine Learning and Data Science Portfolio

Hi there, this portfolio is a WIP, intended to demonstrate that I have a strong command of Python and am able to implement solutions for various problems in Machine and Deep Learning.

So far we have:
- NLP Text classification using BERT on the IMDB review dataset

- Tabular regression using a novel NN architecture where instead of using matrices as weights we use wave functions to encode information (inspired by quantum mechanics)

- Time series forecasting of temperature using an LSTM with extensive EDA

- A multi-modal approach for valuing Diamonds, leveraging  images of the diamond alongside tabular features

- DCGAN implementation that generates Anime faces!

- A simple yet effective Denoising Convolutional Autoencoder

There is more to come, the intention here is to eventually have notebooks that cover all interesting areas of deep learning and more. I usually do this stuff for fun on Kaggle when I'm tinkering but I thought I might upload notebooks here from now on so that I can demonstrate them to anyone who is interested to see what I can do :)
